LUNATIC: First, I'll annihilate humans,
then recreate the Earth.
I'll wait for tens of millions of years
for new civilizations to emerge.
Meanwhile, I'll be hiding myself,
observing humans like a god.
And after I collect enough data,
I'll do the same thing all over again.
(chuckles)
(suspenseful music)
STRENGTH: There are fewer enemies
to fight now.
Fewer on our side, too.
Although for us...
As long as Empress is alive,
we'll be all right.
STRENGTH: Exactly my thoughts.
You must be able to understand by now.
Although we're different in a way
that I'm an AI and you're a Hemiteos Unit,
we're the same in a way
that we'll both live forever.
We should band together and cooperate.
For someone who thinks they're so smart,
you're saying something so foolish.
Huh?
Hemiteos Units
are the guardians of the humans.
You still don't get it?
It's just the current human race
that will die off.
Eventually, an ideal evolutionary tree
will form.
The Earth will become better.
The people I've met are more important
than the Earth you're trying to remake.
(grunts)
Never mind, then.
Hemiteos Units have a fault
of being swayed by emotions in the end,
because they're half-human.
It was destiny that I would fight.
Can I ask you one last question?
What?
How many Moon Flakes
are you going to launch?
Five thousand in all.
They'll be raining down
on Earth in sequence.
Five thousand.
They're being launched in sequence.
Huh?
I'll fight until the end.
If I can stop even one from launching,
it'll be worth it.
(gasping)
(chuckles)
For that to happen,
you'll have to defeat me.
EMPRESS: That's why I'm here.
Colonel, head to the Orbital Elevator.
I'll be there right away.
Right. I'll leave this to you.
(zapping)
(blasts)
BLACK TRIKE: Here I come!
You're late.
You seem to be enjoying
your conversation with Lunatic.
Hey!
(action music)
(panting)
(blasts)
(weapon firing)
(panting)
(gasps)
Why are you two siblings
in a place like this?
Why? Because we were worried
about all of you.
MONICA: Past this point,
it's a genuine battlefield.
There's nothing that we can do.
I still want to go there.
Can't we at least deliver
some extra ammunition?
Darn it! Norito, I'll go with you.
Miya can't come, though.
What?
I'll come back for you later.
Hide behind those rocks and wait.
NORITO: If we don't come back,
you should return to town.
(sighs)
Okay.
(weapons firing)
(explosion)
SUBORDINATE 1: They've found
our artillery base.
Fatal damage by tank class enemy.
Impossible to continue the mission.
Best of luck to the assault team.
The vehicle unit's assault has failed.
The Second Battalion has been annihilated.
I repeat. The assault has failed.
Division HQ was destroyed.
Survivors from the Battalion HQ
should take over the chain of command.
(panting)
Just one bullet left, huh?
Looks like luck hasn't abandoned me yet.
(weapons firing)
Out of the way, you scraps of iron!
(groaning)
(whirring)
COLONEL: Charlotte!
(explosion)
Not done yet.
God... darn it.
Bastards. You did this!
(zaps)
-(groans)
-(gasps)
Dad...
(screams)
Dad!
(groaning)
No.
Just when we finally became family again.
(groans)
Dad. I'm sorry.
There's nothing to apologize for.
I'm the one who should apologize.
I'm sorry that I have to die here.
Dad.
What are you doing?
Let's retreat together for now.
No, don't. I beg of you.
If we can get to where
the combat medic is,
maybe they can help you.
Please, Charlotte. Don't mind me.
COLONEL: All right, Charlotte.
I'll tell you what.
If we're going back to the rear,
can you bring me
the thermobaric anti-tank missile?
I don't want to leave it unattended.
It's in that vehicle.
(breathes sharply)
I'll do it.
(somber music)
COLONEL: I want you to survive, Charlotte.
There's hope left for the human race.
Don't let it go.
(breathes heavily)
I will always love you.
-Dad.
-(gunshot)
(gasps)
Dad!
-(blasts)
-(yelps)
(gasps)
(buzzes)
-(crashes)
-(tires screech)
MONICA: Charlotte!
My dad...
(somber music)
Colonel.
I... What should I do now?
Let's live through this.
Your dad would want that, too.
Huh?
(Strength yelling)
What the hell!
(blasts)
Strength!
You go ahead
to where Empress is without me.
No, I can't do that, Strength.
Who do you think I am, huh?
Don't die, Strength.
(sobbing)
I... I'm scared. But...
(shouting)
SUBORDINATE 2: All men, back up Empress!
Get her to the Orbital Elevator
at all costs!
(weapon fires)
(blasts)
I finally got this far.
(gasps)
BLACK TRIKE: Empress!
Black Trike.
(laughs)
Who cares about a piece of junk like that?
Black Trike is not a piece of junk.
It's my dear friend.
Overdrive Key.
Ignition.
(both grunting)
Okay, that's it.
Empress using the Overdrive Key
is as strong as I predicted.
Pretty good job.
But this is really the end
of your anguish-filled life.
And now the death and rebirth
of the human race will begin.
Huh?
Don't get cocky, you rotten computer.
Dead Master!
(weapon fires)
Darn it.
-(groans)
-(zapping)
I've already regenerated.
You're no match for me.
(groans in pain)
What an inconvenient body.
Empress.
I love you.
-Take that.
-(zaps)
(gasps)
Everyone who was in the way
is gone at last.
(grunts)
Norito.
-(rumbling)
-Huh?
(Miya gasps)
This battle is almost finished.
It's the end of the human race.
Well, they tried hard.
I'll give them that.
LUNATIC: Empress, you no longer have
a reason to fight. Don't you agree?
You, Hemiteos Units,
were born to protect the human race.
But those humans are almost all dead.
Anyway, what you're seeing is an avatar
of my actual body on the moon.
It's meaningless to destroy my avatar.
Whatever you do,
it won't reach me on the moon.
-EMPRESS: What you said was right.
-LUNATIC: Hm?
If there are no humans left,
there's no reason
for Hemiteos Units to exist.
Everyone knows that.
Then I don't mind dying here.
(gasps)
(screaming)
Your body won't be able to stand it
if you go over that threshold.
(screaming continues)
(thrilling music)
(gasps)
NORITO: Is that...
Empress?
Stupid.
-Do it!
-Shatter it into pieces, Empress!
Black Rock Shooter!
(blasts, trills)
I guess I'll let you beat me this time.
(blasts)
EMPRESS: Oh, there were humans left.
I... feel so happy now.
Everyone's dead.
The machine army's gone somewhere, too.
What are you going to do now?
The meteors are still falling.
First, I'll pick up Miya,
then we can evacuate to safety.
How about you, Monica?
It might take some time, but...
the merciless queen is still on the moon.
We need to prepare.
LUNATIC: The Orbital Elevator
and other related facilities
for recreating the Earth
suffered great damage.
Due to the disruption of the transport
of the Iron Ocean,
the launch of 906 Moon Flakes
was canceled.
A fatal error occurred in the operation.
But still, more than 70%
of the Earth's organisms died.
I consider that a sufficient achievement.
The plan needs a major adjustment.
The Unmanned Forces deployed on the Earth
have hidden under the remaining Iron Ocean
and switched over to standby mode.
The time required to prepare
for an equivalent-sized operation
is 1.76 million hours with a margin
of error of plus or minus 6,000 hours.
So approximately 200 years.
It's only a moment in time for me.
I'll just take a rest for a while.
(wind howling)
(young girl grunts)
Here!
My aim is accurate, isn't it?
Don't throw it so hard. Here.
You should throw softer, Strength.
It's Charlotte.
Dead Master, Strength, it's almost time.
BOTH: Okay!
(both giggling)
You two are so good at playing catch.
You could be Major League players.
What's that?
I don't really know, either.
BLACK TRIKE:
Checking fixed bolt number three. Clear.
MAN: Checking fixed
bolt number four. Clear.
That kind of tickles when you do that.
A large group of armed robbers
was observed in Sacramento.
Send two companies
from our unit as reinforcements.
I'll leave the personnel selection
up to you.
MEN: Roger.
SUBORDINATE 3: About the negotiations
with the Los Angeles vigilante group...
We'll deal with that after this launch.
Leave it for now.
Roger.
The time has come.
YOUNG STRENGTH: Norito.
-Hm?
-(chuckling)
In here, call me Colonel.
It feels funny.
You're our big brother, Norito.
Where's the Doctor?
With Miya, I think.
Doctor, it's almost time.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
My mind was elsewhere for a minute.
Are you all right, Miya?
Aren't you nervous?
It's your first major mission, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Long ago,
when the Moon Flakes hit the Earth,
you suffered a serious injury.
You had to go through a Pseudo Hemiteos
Unit modification to survive.
If you don't want to fight, that's okay.
I want to protect everybody,
because they protected me in the past.
I see.
YOUNG STRENGTH: Oh, there she is.
YOUNG DEAD MASTER: Dr. Monica.
What?
What do you mean, what?
You asked me to call
Dead Master and Strength,
because you had something important
to tell them.
You're right, I did.
We need you to stay in the control tower.
At this time of the day,
I want to watch the sunset.
Why?
MONICA: It reminds me of the best journey
I ever took in my life.
YOUNG STRENGTH: Journey?
Well, I'll tell you all about it someday.
Oh, I just remembered.
Charlotte, Miya. Each of you, pick a card.
MONICA: That's Temperance.
In the upright position,
it means balance and moderation.
CHARLOTTE: But why?
They will be your code names
for this mission.
We haven't decided
on any code names for you yet.
From today, Temperance will be
the code name we'll use for Charlotte.
Temperance.
Roger.
And for Miya.
MONICA: Wheel of Fortune
in the upright position.
It means a turning point.
In that position,
it means good fortune is coming.
Perfect for Miya, I think.
Your code name is Fortune.
Fortune.
I guess we should go now.
MONICA: It's hard to believe
I stuck with them all the way here.
BLACK TRIKE: Here we go,
off to the open seas of the stars!
Our counterstrike fifty years later.
We'll destroy Lunatic Core Artemis
and wipe out those
scrap iron machines on the moon.
(rumbling)
Uh...
MONICA: I knew she would join us.
("Black Rock Shooter" by Supercell,
Hatsune Miku playing)
Wow. We're in space.
So pretty.
They're here. Space Giganteses.
(zapping)
BLACK TRIKE: Holy...
Should I go?
Us, too!
Though we're small, we can fight!
No, not yet. Black Trike!
(Black Trike yells)
BLACK TRIKE: Ouch!
Recharging anti-ship laser.
Retargeting based on Space Aegis System.
Damage to the recharging function.
Forty-five seconds until full recharge.
What?
An unidentified object
from the rear portside.
CHARLOTTE: Approaching at high speed.
Is it a new type of enemy?
Wow.
That's...
KIDS: Black Rock Shooter!
("Black Rock Shooter" by Supercell,
Hatsune Miku continues)